FF139 ExpFeat - unship (before/after)scriptexecute events (#39392)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### Removal of `beforescriptexecute` and `afterscriptexecute` events

> The non-standard events [`beforescriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/beforescriptexecute_event) and [`afterscriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/afterscriptexecute_event) on the {{domxref("Document")}} interface, and [`afterscriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/afterscriptexecute_event) and [`beforescriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/beforescriptexecute_event) on the {{domxref("Element")}} interface are on the path for removal, and have been disabled on nightly.

Reviewer: nit because it is already long
```suggestion
The non-standard events [`beforescriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/beforescriptexecute_event) and [`afterscriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/afterscriptexecute_event) on the {{domxref("Document")}} interface, and [`afterscriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/afterscriptexecute_event) and [`beforescriptexecute`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/beforescriptexecute_event) on the {{domxref("Element")}} interface are on the path to removal. They have been disabled in Nightly.
```

Author: Thank you.
